Scenario

Bluejay Natural Gas is a large energy company based out of Baltimore, MD. The company offers a wide range of energy products and
has annual revenues of approximately $50 billion. Because of the diverse nature of the company, its Manager for Project Development,
Julie Kavoli, is under continual pressure to manage project proposals from the functional areas of the company. At any point in time,
there might be dozens of projects at various stages requiring a wide variety of capital expenditures, promising widely varying future
revenue streams, and containing varying degrees of risk. Julie has a difficult balancing act. The company's CEO, Cordelia Kareeni, is
very concerned about keeping capital expenditures within a fixed budget and managing risk. The heads of the company’s functional
areas are less worried about budgets and risks; they are most concerned that their pet projects are approved. Julie also knows that
many of the proposed projects, especially those requiring large capital expenditures, must be led by senior project managers with the
appropriate experience and skills, and she is keenly aware that the company has only a limited supply of such managers.

Julieis currently preparing to meet with all parties involved to discuss project proposals for the next three years. She has proposals
from the various functional areas for projects they would like to undertake. Each of these is accompanied by a schedule of capital
expenditures over the next three years and a financial analysis of the expected revenue streams. These lead to a net present value
(NPV) for each proposal, using the company's discount rate of 129%.

Several of the projects, if approved, must be undertaken in joint partnership with another company. For example, if project 3 is
approved, Bluejay Natural Gas will take a 50% share in the project, and the other 50% will be shared by a partner. In this case, Bluejay
Natural Gas will only incur 50% of the expenditures and receive only 50% of the revenues.

The table of financial estimates for potential projects (in millions of dollars) is contained in the attached Excel file.

@ Plueiay Natural Gas Midterm Starting Data
XLSX File

Cordelia has stated in no uncertain terms that the total of capital expenditures for the approved projects can be no more than $10
billion and that no more than $4 billion should be spent in any single year. Unfortunately, the capital expenditures for the potential list
of projects is well over $10 billion, so Julie knows that not all of these promising projects will be approved.
